Layout Style Guide: Add newline section and update assignment (#23754)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: LAYOUT_STYLE_GUIDE.md

    Each assignment item should include some brief text that further informs the user on why it is included in the assignment or what purpose it serves. When necessary, an assignment item should also explicitly state any instructions that should be followed. Examples of instructions can include (but aren't limited to) a specific section the user should read, whether the user should complete any specific exercises, and whether the user should redirect themselves to additional links within the resource.

    Replace the `A RESOURCE OR EXERCISE ITEM.` text with your own text and a link to the resource or exercise (or any applicable instructions if an exercise isn't external), then add any additional numbered assignment items. The lesson should ideally have no more than 3-5 assignment items (reading several sections on a web page or completing a folder of 5 exercises would be considered a single assignment item). **If the lesson does not have an assignment, remove this entire section from the lesson.**

>     If an assignment item includes any instructions, replace the `AN INSTRUCTION ITEM` text with a single instruction, then add any additional bulleted instruction items. If a user should only read specific sections within a resource or complete only specific exercises, each individual section to be read/exercise to be completed should be its own bulleted instruction item. **If an assignment item does not have any instructions, remove the bulleted `AN INSTRUCTION ITEM` text from it.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If an assignment item includes any instructions, replace the `AN INSTRUCTION ITEM` text with a single instruction, then add any additional bulleted instruction items. 
    
    If a user should only read specific sections within a resource (e.g. "Skip Chapter 7") or complete only specific exercises (e.g. "Complete the first two exercises in the repo"), each instruction item should be its own bullet. 
    
    **If an assignment item does not have any instructions, remove the bulleted `AN INSTRUCTION ITEM` text from it.**
```

5.  `### Knowledge Check`: A bulleted list of specific questions that a user should be able to answer on their own after reading the lesson and completing any assignment or practice. A knowledge check should only link either to a section within the lesson (either with a Heading 3 `###` or Heading 4 `####`, or by wrapping text in a `<span>` element with an `id` attribute) or a resource previously linked to in the lesson. This link should help users review the necessary material in order to answer the knowledge check without requiring them to re-read the entire lesson.

>     Replace the `A KNOWLEDGE CHECK URL` text with the actual link to the section/resource and the `A KNOWLEDGE CHECK QUESTION.` text with your own question/problem that the user should be able to answer/solve. Then add any additional bulleted knowledge check items. The lesson should ideally have no more than 7 knowledge checks, but this number might vary by lesson **If the lesson does not have a knowledge check, remove this entire section from the lesson.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Replace the `A KNOWLEDGE CHECK URL` text with the actual link to the section/resource and the `A KNOWLEDGE CHECK QUESTION.` text with your own question/problem that the user should be able to answer/solve. Then add any additional bulleted knowledge check items. The lesson should ideally have no more than 7 knowledge checks, but this number might vary by lesson. **If the lesson does not have a knowledge check, remove this entire section from the lesson.**
```

> Use the [Title Case Converter](https://titlecaseconverter.com/) tool to help convert text to Title Case, being sure to select the Wikipedia "Styles" option.

Reviewer: I know there are a couple of links here, but would it also be helpful to actually give an example that shows what Wikipedia Title Case is and is not?

Alternately, could also break up the line above on "Use Heading 3 `###` and Wikipedia Style Title Case for main section titles:" so that we give some emphasis to the note on using Wiki's Title Case by putting it on its own line.

Author: Example is tough since a lot of title cases do end up the same and it's more minor differences, but I provided a more drastic "Wiki vs non-Wiki style" example.

Reviewer: Nice, looks good!
